Mention where to run the bin/boostrap command as well (#6181)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/contributing/environment.mdx

```bash
# Install Homebrew and everything mentioned above

> # Clone the sentry-docs repo, and then navigate into the cloned files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Clone the sentry-docs repo, and then select the cloned files
```
